# Overview

This is a simple Django application that will load up a number of geo-tagged Flickr photos from the Wang Wang Panda API. It then runs all of those photos through the SimpleGeo Context API, which allows us to further tag the data with relevant geographic information. The photos are then presented in a simple, searchable interface.

# Setup

1. Make sure all of the Python packages in requirements.txt are installed.

        virtualenv --no-site-packages .
        . bin/activate
        pip install -r requirements.txt

2. Change into the `context` directory.
3. Create `overrides.m4` in the `context` directory and add the following variables to it:

        define(`__FLICKR_API_KEY__', `YOUR_FLICKR_API_KEY_HERE')
        define(`__SIMPLEGEO_TOKEN__', `YOUR_SIMPLEGEO_OAUTH_TOKEN_HERE')
        define(`__SIMPLEGEO_SECRET__', `YOUR_SIMPLEGEO_OAUTH_SECRET_HERE')

4. Run `make`.
5. Run `./manage.py syncdb` and follow the instructions.
6. Load some photos.
7. Run `./manage.py runserver 127.0.0.1:8888`.
8. Point your browser to `http://127.0.0.1:8888/photos/categories.html` (See Browsing).

# Loading Photos

From the `context` directory run the following Django command:

    ./manage.py loadphotos --limit 500

# Browsing

* Go to `/photos/types.html` to view features by type.
* Go to `/photos/categories.html` to view features by category.
* Go to `/photos/metro_score/[0-10].html` to view photos by population density scores (0 = no data, 10 = heavily populated).

Once you drill down to a specific feature you'll se a list of photos. Click on a photo and it will show all of the geographic features that the photo was taken within.
